<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title>My Inventions</title>
  <link href="../Styles/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <link href="../Styles/page_styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
</head>

<body class="general">
  <h1 class="chapter"><i>Editor's Preface</i></h1>
  <hr style="margin-bottom:3em;" />

  <div class="chapMain" style="Line-Height:1.2;">
    <p style="margin-bottom:1em;"><i>My Inventions</i> originally appeared in six series of the magazine <span class="sc">Electrical Experimenter</span> in 1919, written by Nikola Tesla when he was 63 years old. It has then been compiled, edited and extended with a 20 pages wonderful introduction and an <i>Appendix: Hydrolic Analog of Tesla Two Phase Induction Motor</i> by Ben <span class="sc">Johnston</span> under the title <i>My Inventions: The Autobiography of Nikola Tesla</i> in 1982. Note that the original six-part series published in Electrical Experimenter Magazine in 1919 has been republished in book form as: <i>My Inventions, The Autobiography of Nikola Tesla (Hart Brothers, Williston, 1983)</i>.</p>

    <p style="margin-bottom:1em;">The first online version of Nikola Tesla's Autobiography was transcribed by John Roland Penner in 1994 from a small typed booklet, a photocopied and stapled version of <i>The Strange Life of Nikola Tesla (Kolmogorov-Smirnov Publishing)</i><sup>1</sup>.</p>

    <p style="margin-bottom:1em;">This text is an extended and edited version of the nearly unabridged electronic text available by <i>Twenty-First Century Books</i><sup>2</sup>, which can be freely distributed and modified. It has been enhanced with the 16 original illustrations --with legends-- of the <span class="sc">Electrical Experimenter</span> edition<sup>3</sup>, as well as the 6 forewords signed by the quondam Editor H. <span class="sc">Gernsback</span>.</p>

    <div class="sign">
      <span class="sc">– E. Shrdluc.</span>
    </div>

    <h2 class="section">References</h2>

    <div class="references">
      <p><span class="sc">Nikola Tesla</span>. “My Inventions, Part One - My Early Life”. In: <i>Electrical Experimenter, Sciences and Inventions</i> 22 (Feb. 1919), pp. 696–7,743–7.</p>

      <p><span class="sc">Nikola Tesla</span>. “My Inventions, Part Two - My First Efforts in Invention”. In:<i>Electrical Experimenter, Sciences and Inventions</i> 22 (Mar. 1919), pp. 776–7,839–41,843.</p>

      <p><span class="sc">Nikola Tesla</span>. “My Inventions, Part Three - My Later Endeavors”. In: <i>Electrical Experimenter, Sciences and Inventions</i> 22 (Apr. 1919), pp. 864–5,905,907,909.</p>

      <p><span class="sc">Nikola Tesla</span>. “My Inventions, Part Four - The Discovery Of The Tesla Coil And Transformer”. In: <i>Electrical Experimenter, Sciences and Inventions</i> 22 (May 1919), pp. 16–17,64–5,89.</p>

      <p><span class="sc">Nikola Tesla</span>. “My Inventions, Part Five - The Magnifying Transmitter”. In:<i>Electrical Experimenter, Sciences and Inventions</i> 22 (June 1919), pp. 112–3,148,173,176–8.</p>

      <p><span class="sc">Nikola Tesla</span>. “My Inventions, Part Six - The Art Of Telautomatics”. In:<i>Electrical Experimenter, Sciences and Inventions</i> 22 (Oct. 1919), pp. 506–8,550–6,600–3.</p>
    </div>
    <hr style="margin-right:70%;margin-left:0pt;page-break-before:avoid;" />

    <div class="footnotes">
      1- Source: <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/My_inventions">Wikipedia, 23 June 2013</a>.<br />
      2- See: <a href="http://www.tfcbooks.com/special/my_inventions_index.htm">www.tfcbooks.com</a>.<br />
      3- Collection at: <a href="http://electricalexperimenter.com/">Electricalexperimenter.com</a>.
    </div>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
